Updating navigation language (#8494)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/mesh-qs.md

Before a downstream team can leverage assets from this foundational project, you need to first:
- [Create and define](/docs/mesh/govern/model-access) at least one model as “public”
- Run a [deployment job](/docs/deploy/deploy-jobs) successfully

>   - Note, Enable the **Generate docs on run** toggle for this job to update the <Constant name="explorer" />. Once run, you can click **Catalog** from the upper menu bar and see your lineage, tests, and documentation coming through successfully.

Reviewer: Should we link to https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/deploy/deploy-jobs so they can see how to enable generate docs on run? Also more context might be helpful here.

```suggestion
  - Note, Enable [**Generate docs on run**](/docs/deploy/deploy-jobs) for this job to update assets in <Constant name="explorer" />. Once run, you can click **Catalog** from the main navigation and select your project to see its lineage, tests, and documentation coming through successfully.
```
